hi everyone welcome back to another
video of dragon city mobile and today
we're lucky enough to be while I was
lucky enough to get the dragon O's
dragon which is basically a legendary
type dragon that was released in the
last update now I have been very unlucky
getting legendary dragons but recently I
just got the legendary dragon now I just
got this dragon so pretty strange but
anyways I was lucky enough to get this
dragon and the combination I use to get
the well actually let's look at what it
says about this dragon and where you can
find it you can find it in the legends
section or the legend tab it is at the
end it costs about 200 I mean 2,500 gems
for purchase and what it says about this
dragon is time is relative everybody
knows that what most people don't know
is the Drakken owes dragon army Jackie
knows plays with time as a child plays
with a ball déjà Vu's are his favorite
jokes read Pierre dragons to get the
legendary one so um that's exactly what
i use but this dragon is basically a
time-based dragon so I'm assuming that
the story behind this dragon is that he
is a time traveler anywho I have used
the pure metal dragon and appeared dark
dragon to get this dragon now is there
other combinations out there yeah
there's probably a ton of combinations
but it'll probably take you a while to
get the dragon because this is what I I
think it's ultra rare in my opinion all
legendary dragons are ultra rare
nowadays but that is pretty much it what
you're looking for is a 54 hours
breeding time we should say 53 59 59 I
previously the legendary dragons were 48
hours now is 54 hours so all legendary
dragons are 54 hours 48 hours are the
pure type dragons anyway that is all
thank you for watching and this dragon
is simply amazing you should definitely
get it because um it's just so cool that
is
you